---
layout: about
title: About
permalink: /
subtitle: 

profile:
  align: left 
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  address: #

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

I'm a robotics researcher at <a href="https://bostondynamics.com">Boston
Dynamics</a> where I work on perception and state estimation for the Atlas
humanoid robot. My primary focus is on the research and development of new
perception technologies to support Atlas' abilities to perform complex bimanual
manipulation tasks. Some of the cool stuff I've worked on is featured in videos
like <a href="https://youtu.be/F_7IPm7f1vI?si=xuODZTa-VoN_PXPg">Atlas Goes Hands
On</a> and <a href="https://youtu.be/LeeiN9smjjY?si=9XGqkHUe_JSP-EU4">HD Atlas
Manipulates</a>.

Previously, I completed my PhD at the <a
href="http://www.mit.edu/">Massachusetts Institute of Technology</a> in the <a
href="http://aeroastro.mit.edu/">AeroAstro department</a>, as part of the <a
href="http://mit.whoi.edu/">MIT/WHOI Joint Program</a>. At MIT, I was a member
of the <a href="http://marinerobotics.mit.edu/">Marine Robotics Group</a> in the
<a href="http://csail.mit.edu/">Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab
(CSAIL)</a>, where I was advised by <a
href="https://www.csail.mit.edu/person/john-leonard">John Leonard</a>. My
doctoral thesis work focused on developing new methods to improve the robustness
and efficiency of mapping and localization systems. My work was supported in
part by an <a href="https://www.nsfgrfp.org/">NSF Graduate Research
Fellowship</a>.

Before my PhD, I was an undergraduate student at <a
href="http://www.stevens.edu/">Stevens Institute of Technology</a> where I did
research on robot mapping in the <a
href="http://personal.stevens.edu/~benglot/">Robust Field Autonomy Lab</a> under
<a href="https://web.stevens.edu/facultyprofile/?id=2043">Brendan Englot</a>.

